Replace master/slave with manager/worker (#18969)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/dev_manual/UpdatingPlugins.rst

Attributes
----------

> Regeneration of Attributes is handled by three :ref:`XML Tools<XML Tools>`: one for cpp files (``ml2atts``, one for python (``ml2python`` and one for java (``ml2java``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regeneration of Attributes is handled by three :ref:`XML Tools<XML Tools>`: one for cpp files (``mxl2atts``, one for python (``xml2python`` and one for java (``xml2java``.
```

Reviewer 2: In @biagas suggestion, `mxl2atts` should probably be `xml2atts`.

Author: fixed in #[6929d29](https://github.com/visit-dav/visit/pull/18969/commits/6929d2967571af1443ec71801b93040a6b5484be)
